| Name | Value |
|---|---|
| Release | 0.1.0 |
| Require | No |
| Heritable | Currently no but yes |
| Default value | start |

### Constraints of version 0.1.0

If the root rule has the value `end`, then ** all child rules ** must also have this parameter with the value `end`

----

The optional `start` parameter is responsible for the direction of movement of the pointer when searching in the text. Also, this directive controls the direction of movement of the regular expression pattern.

The parameter is valid only in the root settings, because the `InputText` class reads the value of the root rule and applies the direction of movement of the cursor to the original text. Regardless, we still have to specify the `start` parameter, since the rule must correctly assemble the pattern for further processing.

## Value `start`

The movement of the cursor of the `InputText` class and the cursor of the rule goes in the usual way, from left to right.

Input was given the text *Hello*. The first character we have is **H**. In the template, we have the **H** symbol, there is a match. See the next character in Input. This is **e**, in the template it is also **e**. And so on until the victorious, until all the symbols match.

## Value `end`

The cursor movement for the `InputText` class goes in the opposite direction. The rule cursor continues to move forward as well. When preparing the rule for action, the pattern is rebuilt.

*Hello {world}* -> *{world} olleH*

## Example code

```csharp
using Regexoop;
using Regexoop.src;
...
...
...
Rule test = new BasicRule()
            {
                Name = "root",
                Pattern = "Hello {world}",
                Start = Rule.Direction.end,
                Variables = new List<Rule>()
                {
                    new BasicRule()
                    {
                        Name = "world",
                        Pattern = "test",
                        Start = Rule.Direction.end,
                    }
                }
            };
            List<string> res = new Regexoop.Regexoop(test).Input("Hello test").Find();
```

## Possible variable values

`start` or `end`




